                        __The Greatest ComeBack Ever__

08 March, 2017, FC Barcelona staged the greatest return leg victory in UEFA Champions League history, coming back from a 4-0 deficit to beat the french side Paris-Saint-Germain with a heart wrenching scoreline. The 4-0 heartbreak of the blaugrana on the grounds of "Parc de Princes" was a shock that every supporter of the catalan club would like to forget. The incident triggered a strong response within barcelona hierarchy which saw the manager "Lucho" Enrique announce his stepping off after the season. People all over the world had a hope, although very faint, for getting a 5-0 or 6-1 return leg comeback.

Cometh the magical night, the green grass of "Camp Nou" saw a dramatic start of the historic match as within just 3 minutes of the whistle Luis Suarez opened the scoreline for Barcelona . The PSG strategy of sitting back and defending and waiting for counter was futile and barcelona enjoyed more than 70% possession and also got another on scoreboard as PSG defenders could not contain Andres Iniesta's magical movements and conceded an own goal.The 5 time Ballon D'or winner Lionel Messi converted from the penalty spot just after the break and they Catalans were only 1 goal shy from equalising on aggregate. Then, suddenly PSG scored! Cavani scored a vital away goal leading to barcelona needing 3 more goals to win the 'Round of 16' tie. But hopelessness came back and it was seeming impossible. Suddenly, at the only 2 minutes from regulation time Neymar Jr. scored a stunning free-kick to make it 4-1, and within minutes converted another penalty won by Suarez. Then, the dream moment came, as even the german goalkeeper came up to try to score the last goal, and dramatically at 94'40'' just 20 seconds from the final whistle, Sergi Roberto the youngstar, scored the goal that bursted the Camp Nou crowd in joy sending almost an earthquake throughout the city.

The next day, it felt like a dream ! The iconic picture of the Greatest of All Time (In my opinion), Lionel Messi celebrating with the outraged fans marked the greatest comeback ever in Champions League history. 

If you have not watched the match , GO and WATCH NOW !!! It is available on youtube. Fill the beats of a heart thumping football action.
